monitoring: add possible solution to echo_command_duration_test (#15044)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/observability/alert_solutions.md

**Possible solutions:**

> - **Query a graph for indivual commands** using "sum by (cmd)(src_gitserver_exec_running)" to gain more insights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Query a graph for individual commands** using "sum by (cmd)(src_gitserver_exec_running)" to gain more insights.
```

> - **Query a graph for individual commands** using `sum by (cmd)(src_gitserver_exec_running)` to gain more insights.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Query a graph for individual commands** using `sum by (cmd)(src_gitserver_exec_running)` in Grafana (`/-/debug/grafana`) to see if a command might be spiking in frequency.
```
